hey guys what is up and today I'm
actually poking some black ops gameplay
this games like a like a week ago so
it's not that old and reason for that is
that the new press you just came out on
model for three and i will be prestiging
to 20th and i've been playing so much
modern warfare 3 recently that I don't
know kind of tired of looking at it so I
was like you know what i'll post in
black ops because you guys seem to enjoy
black ops whenever i do post it but on
the nurse could say step of me playing
modern warfare 3 so much lately I
thought about it because I do play video
games a lot and I did have somebody in
the lobby of a better day ago notice
that i had a in my bio my playing time
on both playstation xbox added together
and right now i'm sitting at about 23
and a half days played which i do have
school during the day and I do actually
work out every night almost now behind
slacking lately but for the most part I
do do those things like two awards
routine I do go to school every day and
all that but I want to kind of stress
the importance of balancing your life
and your daily routine properly now a
lot of people are going to think that
while you have 23 days on this game
looks quite a bit you probably must have
no life in every way
that which is not true like I was saying
I do go to school every day and I do
actually hang out with my friends quite
often almost every weekend I hang out
with my friends and sometimes during the
school nights or the weeknights I do but
almost every friday and saturday i'm
hanging it with my friends and i think
that's kind of important or kind of at
least i find it important to myself
because i think it's good to you know
put the controller down every once in a
while and so on and with me going to
school every day that means they go from
school from eight am sorry 9am to 3pm so
that's how much time I spent at school
itself so you know during those times
I've never actually playing so the time
that I put on the call of duty is pretty
much from when i get home which is four
o'clock to say when i usually go to bed
which is 1130 which you know isn't that
bad in some nights I do play fair amount
some nights I don't play as much i'll
watch netflix or like I said the odd
night during the week I'll actually no
hang out with friends I don't hang out
with friends too often during the week
because where I live there's not much to
do and you know it's really not much if
I can do because I don't have my license
yet and you know I don't know we just
don't hang out with much friends on the
weekend but um
I just wanted to kind of point out the
fact that you know this isn't like a job
raising like that because I actually had
some people talk about how much do I get
paid from YouTube I'm not partnered I'm
not even close to getting partnered do I
ever plan on getting partnered probably
not i don't think they were going to
happen which I don't really care about
either minute just for the phone and I
guess just something to pass the time I
guess is to post these commentaries and
seems like I got a bit of an audience
now and you guys seem to enjoy me so
that's why I continue doing what I do
but for the fact that a lot of people
don't know how much I actually do play
this game and I just played a lot and I
do put a lot of hours in New all my
college roomies and that is just because
you know I just enjoy doing stuff like
that and what would I do if I wasn't
playing call of duty why didn't know
other people do I always hear my dad say
why don't you give up the game for a
couple minutes while I'm just saying put
down the controller do something else
and you know what people do and like
what are you doing it differently are
you watching TV what's the difference if
I'm playing a video game or you're
watching TV it really is no difference
or you know like i said i do work out
almost every night now which is you know
exercise so I'm not just sitting on the
couch all the time I don't know I just
kind of thought it was important that
you know that's not everything that life
is about in that uh you know it
shouldn't be the most important thing in
your life as well but uh just something
I was thinking that today I thought I'd
share with you guys but hopefully you
guys enjoyed have a nice day parties